the internet is buzzing tonight with
newly released videos of her racer
calling himself a fate or fate wreaking
havoc on other street racers during a
race we all know street racing is a
contact sport but this level of racer on
racer violence is unheard of
they say fate is a racer but to those of
us who have seen his shadow in our
rearview his tactics are unmistakable
there are those who drive for freedom
for release and there are those who
drive to release their aggression to
dominate fate isn't one of us fate is a
cop the police seek to corrupt us from
the inside if they are going to use our
cars to send a message we will use
theirs
tonight I will wear the wolf's clothing
I will bring chaos to their world I will
replace order with disorder I and the
enemy inside them
unexpected racer all nearby units move
in and support all units we have a union
team proceeded to suspect at 1044 all
nearby offices
on its way vehicle assistance has been
requested
damnit